helm chart to install scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler (#193)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: doc/install.md

## Table of Contents

- [Create a Kubernetes Cluster](#create-a-kubernetes-cluster)

> - [Install release v0.19.8 as a second scheduler and use Coscheduling](#install-release-v0198-as-a-second-scheduler-and-use-coscheduling)

Reviewer: This may looks better:

```
- Install release v0.19.8 and use Coscheduling
    - as a single scheduler (replacing the vanilla default-scheduler)
    - as a secondary scheduler
```

* [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kubeadm/)
* [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/)

> ## Install release v0.19.8 as a second scheduler and use Coscheduling

Reviewer 2: Some questions:
Do we really need to guide the user to deploy the scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler？
1. If we deploy two scheduler in the same cluster, there must be resource conflicts although we can isolate resources by label. 
2. Users will change `.spec.schedulerName` to match the secondary scheduler. This will be more complicated if the user has a lot of yaml.
3. If we stop the default scheduler after we deploy the secondary scheduler. Other discussion here: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins/pull/142#discussion_r565806750
4. Compared with other schedulers, I think the advantage of scheduler plugins is that it can completely replace the default scheduler.

So I think we need to add helm chart to replacing the default-scheduler more conveniently other than deploy it as a secondary scheduler.

@FingerLiu @Huang-Wei

Reviewer: @denkensk using one scheduler is our ultimate goal. But for now, that needs access to the control plane, which can be a high blocker for users who want to try out scheduler framework. So running the scheduler plugins as a secondary scheduler is a good start to get them started, but as you mentioned, not the most optimal solution.

So generally we'd like to provide instructions for both:

- running scheduler-plugins as a single scheduler (for now, it's not fully automated by Helm chart)
- running scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler - can be automated by Helm chart

Re 2: an option is to keep workloads yamls as is, and set up an admission webhook to mutate `.spec.schedulerName` on demand.

Reviewer 2: > So running the scheduler plugins as a secondary scheduler is a good start to get them started, but as you mentioned, not the most optimal solution.

Thanks. Easy to start.  I agree with this. 
Can we add some additional notes to tell users: Try out scheduler framework by deploying secondary scheduler. But if in the production environment, it is recommended to replacereplacing the default-scheduler manually.
@Huang-Wei @FingerLiu

Reviewer: Sure, we should add some notes there.

Author: OK, I will add these notes.

Author: added this note ".**But if in the production environment, it is recommended to replace the default-scheduler manually(as described in next chapter).**"

The quickest way to try scheduler-plugins is to install it using helm chart as a second scheduler.

> You can find the demo chart in [manifests/install/charts](../manifests/install/charts).

Reviewer: Q: Is there a lot of effort to add a new helm repo?

Author: Not difficult, but where should I place the helm repo?Is this a common rule tells where to place helm chart to ?

1. Helm install.
```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins.git
$ cd scheduler-plugins/manifests/install/charts
$ helm install scheduler-plugins as-a-second-scheduler/

> ```

Reviewer: Make it indented:

```
    ```bash
    $ git clone git@github.com:kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins.git
    $ cd scheduler-plugins/manifests/install/charts
    $ helm install scheduler-plugins as-a-second-scheduler/
    ```
```

1. Verify that scheduler and plugin-controller pod are running properly.
```bash
$ kubectl get deploy -n scheduler-plugins
NAME                           READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
scheduler-plugins-controller   1/1     1            1           7s
scheduler-plugins-scheduler    1/1     1            1           7s

> ```

Reviewer: Ditto, make it indented.

## Install release v0.19.8 as a single scheduler and use Coscheduling

> Unlike we can define a helm chart to run scheduler-plugins as a second scheduler, 

Reviewer: let's list the detailed obstacles here.

* [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kubeadm/)
* [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/)

> ## Install release v0.19.9 and use Coscheduling

Reviewer: Add a section below:

```
Note: we provide two ways to install the scheduler-plugin artifacts: as a second scheduler
and as a single scheduler. Their pros and cons are as below:

- **second scheduler:** the pro is it's easy to install by deploying the Helm chart, and the con is
running multi-scheduler will evitably encounter resource conflicts when the cluster is short of
resources. In the production env, it's not recommended and is a good starting point to play with
scheduler framework and exercising plugins, especially on managed Kubernetes cluster.
- **single scheduler:** the pro is you will be using a unified scheduler and hence keep the resource
conflicting free. It's recommended in the production env. However, the con is that you have to have
the privileges to manipulate on control plane, also for this moment, the installation is not fully
automated (no Helm chart yet). 
```

### As a second scheduler
The quickest way to try scheduler-plugins is to install it using helm chart as a second scheduler.

> You can find the demo chart in [manifests/install/charts](../manifests/install/charts).**But if in the production environment, it is recommended to replace the default-scheduler manually(as described in next chapter).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the demo chart in [manifests/install/charts](../manifests/install/charts). **But if in the production environment, it is recommended to replace the default-scheduler manually(as described in next section).**
```

1. Helm install.

    ```bash
    $ git clone git@github.com:kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins.git
    $ cd scheduler-plugins/manifests/install/charts
    $ helm install scheduler-plugins as-a-second-scheduler/
    NAME: scheduler-plugins
    LAST DEPLOYED: Tue May  4 17:32:58 2021
    NAMESPACE: default
    STATUS: deployed
    REVISION: 1
    TEST SUITE: None
    ```

1. Verify that scheduler and plugin-controller pod are running properly.

    ```bash
    $ kubectl get deploy -n scheduler-plugins
    NAME                           READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
    scheduler-plugins-controller   1/1     1            1           7s
    scheduler-plugins-scheduler    1/1     1            1           7s
    ```

### As a single scheduler(replacing the vanilla default-scheduler)

> Unlike we can define a helm chart to run scheduler-plugins as a second scheduler, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bit different from the automatic installation steps above, 
```

using scheduler-plugins as a single scheduler needs some manual steps.

> >The main obstacle here is that we need to reconfig the vanilla scheduler, but we can not automaticlly figure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The main obstacle here is that we need to reconfigure the vanilla scheduler, but it's challenging to get it automated
```

> how the vanilla scheduler is deployed(I.e. deployment, static pod or a binary program managed by systemd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as how it's deployed varies a lot (i.e., deployment, static pod, or an executable binary managed by systemd).
```

> And the scheduler may have cluster specific config(config file location for example),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, managed Kubernest offerings may be cluster-specific that need extra configuration
and hence hard to be pipelined nicely.
```

* [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kubeadm/)
* [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/)

## Install release v0.19.9 and use Coscheduling

Note: we provide two ways to install the scheduler-plugin artifacts: as a second scheduler
and as a single scheduler. Their pros and cons are as below:

- **second scheduler:** the pro is it's easy to install by deploying the Helm chart, and the con is
running multi-scheduler will evitably encounter resource conflicts when the cluster is short of

> resources. In the production env, it's not recommended and is a good starting point to play with

Author: sorry for my poor English writting~

            image: k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.2
    ```

    **If you are running scheduler-plugins as a second scheduler, you should tell the pod to use your scheduler

>     with the following config**

Reviewer: we can just say: 

```
If you are running scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler, 
you should explicitly specify `.spec.schedulerName` to match 
the secondary scheduler name:
```

            image: k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.2
    ```

>     **If you are running scheduler-plugins as a second scheduler, you should explicitly specify `.spec.schedulerName` to match

Reviewer: Let's quota this section, and simplify the yaml:

```
> **⚠️Note⚠️** If you are running scheduler-plugins as a second scheduler, you should explicitly
> specify `.spec.schedulerName` to match the secondary scheduler name:
> ```yaml
> # deploy.yaml
> ...
> spec:
>   ...
>   template:
>     spec:
>       schedulerName: scheduler-plugins-scheduler
> ```
```
